>> Jon Kuperman: So we'll jump into
what I have dubbed exercise 0,
in that it's not necessarily
a full exercise.
But I think it would be a good opportunity
for everyone to get a little bit of time
to get a screen reader installed,
kind of set up and running.
We will dive into some specific
exercises for it later, but
I just wanted to kind of cover this here.
So we've got this app, it's on my GitHub,
github.com/jkup/learn-ally.
And also, the app is deployed
at learn-ally.netlify.app.
I'll leave this up, but just to kind
of show you what we'll be doing for
this first section.
We've got the website here and then we've
got this screen reader setup guide.
And so hopefully,
this will cover all of your use cases.
Please reach out and
let me know if it doesn't.
But this provides free screen readers for
every operating system.
So for Mac,
VoiceOver comes shipped automatically,
and so all you'll need to do
is enable it and turn it on.
For Windows,
there's lots of great options, but
NVDA is the free one that
should be easy to use today.
For Linux, we've got Orca.
Again, tons of great options,
but this one is great.
And then for anyone who either can't or
doesn't want to install something on their
full application,
you can also install ChromeVox, so
you can use a screen reader built
into your browser right there.
So ideally, what we'll do is
just take a little bit of time,
make sure that everyone can get
a screen reader installed, and
maybe just take it for
a spin on this page.
And then I have also provided
a few helpful shortcuts for
each one of the screen readers, just
to make sure that you can kind of start
navigating the website
really well with it.
So let's take a little bit of time,
get those installed,
make sure everybody is okay with that,
because we'll be using them for
a lot of the exercises going forward.
All right, cool, so yeah,
hopefully everybody was able to get
something installed and
running on their computer.
My sound is off, but
just to give kind of a quick walkthrough.
So for me, I'm on a Mac, so
I can kinda come here and
I can do my CMD + F5 to turn VoiceOver on.
And you can hide this, but I will just
kinda use VoiceOver and we'll at least get
this visual indicator, which will show
us what the VoiceOver is reading.
You can kind of tab around through
the website and see that it changes,
link all the different things
that it's going to say.
And then I added some of these hotkeys so
I can see something,
what I use the most on VoiceOver
is the rotor, the web rotor.
So I'll do Ctrl + Option + U and
it'll open up.
Let me move this.
Control + Option + U and
it'll open up this thing,
where I can kind of browse
through all the headings.
So you can kind of see that
within the screen reader.
It's not just that it has
the ability to read everything, but
it also provides some really good back and
forth.
Yeah, really quick ways
to kind of move around so
I could find the one that I want.
Let's say I wanted Windows NVDA, I can hit
Enter on it and now it'll kind of get me
there and start reading through
the different things, this section.
So yeah, hopefully everybody
was able to get that set up.
We will, in the first exercise, be doing
kinda quite a bit of comparison between
an inaccessible website and
an accessible one.
So it's very good to just kinda
have this set up and ready to go.